The Last War has ended - Sort of 
	[[The Last War]] Plunged the Continent Khorvaire into a civil War Ending with the [[Treaty of Thronehold]] but the Peace is fickle and the Nations and houses Prepare for another escalation of the conflict
**2. Dragonmarked Dynasties**. 
	The great [[List of Dragonmarked Houses| Dragonmarked Families]] are the barons of industry and commerce throughout Khorvaire and beyond. Their influence transcends political boundaries, and they remained mostly neutral during the Last War. Not technically citizens of any nation, the matriarchs and patriarchs of each house live in splendor within their enclaves and emporiums located throughout Khorvaire. These dynastic houses of commerce derive their power from dragonmarks—hereditary arcane sigils that manifest on certain individuals within the family, granting them limited but useful magical abilities associated with the trade guilds each family controls.
Lands of Intruige
	While the war has ended and ancient Threats must be dealt with by heoros of all sorts.  The nations compete over economic dominance, political intruige, teretorry and magical power and more -- Each each looking to maintain and futher their status short of an all out war, factions like the [[List of Dragonmarked Houses|Dragonmarked Houses]], Churches crime lords, monster gangs, psionic spies, arcane universities, secret societies, sinister masterminds, dragons, and a multitude of organizations and factions join the struggle for position and power in the aftermath of the Last War.
**4. A Continent of Adventure**.
	From the jungles of [[Q'barra]] to the blasted hills and valleys of the [[Demon Wastes]], from the skyscrapers of [[Sharn]] to the dinosaur-filled Talenta Plains, Eberron is a world of adventure. Adventures can draw heroes from one exotic location to another across the continent of Khorvaire. The quest for the Mirror of the Seventh Moon might take the heroes from a hidden mountain shrine in Darguun to a ruined castle in the [[Shadow Marches]] and finally to a dungeon deep below the Library of Korranberg. Through the use of magical transportation, heroes can reach a wide range of environments over the course of an adventure, and thus deal with a diverse assortment of monsters and other challenges.
**5. A World of Magic**. 
	The technology of Eberron has developed not through the advance of science but by the mastery of magic. The widespread use of magic pervades life in the cities and towns. Airships and rail transport make rapid travel across the continent possible. A working class of minor mages, called magewrights, uses spells to provide energy and other necessities. Advances in magic item creation have led to everything from self-propelled farming implements to sentient, free-willed beings created in artificers' forges. With the aid of rare crystals called dragonshards, dragonmarks can be made more powerful, elementals can be controlled and harnessed, and magic items can be crafted and shaped.
6 New Races. 
	In addition to the common player character races found in the Player's Handbook, players can choose to play [[orc]] or [[goblinoid]] characters in Eberron. Or they can choose one of four new races: [[Changelings]], [[Kalashtar]], [[Shifters]], and [[Warforged]]. Changelings have minor shapechanging abilities similar to those of doppelgangers. Kalashtar are planar entities merged with human hosts, giving them telepathic abilities. Shifters developed from the mixing of humans and lycanthropes, a union that grants them limited bestial abilities and feral instincts. The warforged are a constructed race created during the Last War, seeking to find its place in a post-war world.
**7. D&D with a Twist**. 
	Every race, monster, spell, and magic item in the [Player's Handbook](https://5e.tools/book.html#PHB), [Dungeon Master's Guide](https://5e.tools/book.html#DMG), and [Monster Manual](https://5e.tools/book.html#MM) has a place somewhere in Eberron, but it might not be the place you expect. Eberron has a unique spot in the D&D multiverse, and many familiar elements of the game play different roles in the world. In particular, mortal creatures are products of culture and circumstances, rather than the direct influence of the gods. As a result, you can't assume that a gold dragon is good or a beholder is evil; only in the case of celestials, fiends, and certain other creatures whose identity and worldview are shaped by magic (such as the curse of lycanthropy) is alignment a given.